Book -2

Darius


I CIRCLED IN the darkening clouds, flexing my wings as a cold wind hit
my left flank and sent a shudder racing across my scales.
Heat blossomed through my chest, building in pressure to an undeniable
crescendo which I released in a burst of fire. It rode on the back of an ear
splitting roar, but did little to dispel the simmering rage in my gut.
I circled the sky once more before banking hard and tucking my wings
close as I dove towards the roof of the parking lot at the north of the school
grounds.

I hit the roof at speed, my claws scraping into the concrete with a
satisfying screech of protest.
I withdrew into my Fae form as a figure stepped out of the shadows,
shaking off the residual feeling of fire in my limbs and rolling my shoulders
back as my bones realigned.

“Took you long enough,” Lance muttered irritably as he tossed me a bag
of clothes.

I snorted a humourless laugh as I started dressing myself. I was still
pretty pissed at him over the whole detention thing but I’d decided to let it
drop. We both knew no grudge between us would last and I didn’t want to
get into it with him.

“Well if you’re the one telling me I’m late then I really must be. Besides
you can blame Roxy Vega, she was out running later than usual and I was
following her until she headed back into the House,” I said.

“Aww did you have to fly in a few more circles, diddums?” he taunted. I
zipped up my fly and he wrinkled his nose. “By the stars I’ve seen you
naked way too many times.”

“Many women would pay good money to have that problem,” I teased,
shrugging the shirt on. Not my shirt; his. I had no goddamn clothes left and
though Lance was a pretty close fit for me, I didn’t enjoy having to rely on
charity to dress myself. It was a goddamn travesty.

“I still can’t believe my room burnt down. This is the last place I want to
be going tonight,” I spat.

The unexpected visit to my family’s manor wasn’t something I was
looking forward to but I didn’t have much choice. I had already ordered
myself a replacement wardrobe but it wasn’t so easy to order in the amount
of gold I needed to keep my magic replenished. I was too damn powerful to
be able to make do with a few trinkets and bits of jewellery. Not that I’d
ever had much reason to complain about the depth of my power before now,
but this was infuriating. The only place for me to get enough replacement
gold quickly was the family vault which meant an impromptu trip home.

“Well I don’t exactly relish trips back there either but here we are,”
Lance said dryly. “Perhaps you can see Xavier while you’re home
anyway?”

At the mention of my brother, I perked up a little. He hadn’t spoken to
me in nearly two weeks, my messages had gone unanswered and my
parents had refused to hand the phone to him when I spoke with them.
I knew something was going on with him but I wasn’t sure what, and if
only one good thing came from this trip then I would make sure that it was
solving the mystery of why he’d been avoiding me.

“Yeah, it’ll be good to see him,” I agreed.

I hated leaving him alone in that house while I was away at the
Academy. I knew that without me there as a buffer, our father’s rages would
fall on him more often and that knowledge sent a burning path of guilt
through my veins.

“You wanna take the highway and race there?” Lance asked, changing
the subject and pulling me out of my tailspinning thoughts. We both knew
what we were likely to be heading into but there wasn’t anything that would
change the fact.
“You wanna lose again so soon?” I taunted.
“You cheated last time.”
“Overtaking you isn’t cheating,” I countered.
“It is when you cut me up and you aren’t wearing a helmet. You know I
can’t put your life in danger,” he said, rolling his eyes at me as he pressed
his thumb to the brand on his arm which linked us to each other.
“Well it’s not my fault that you’re so obsessed with me,” I joked.
“Yeah, maybe tonight’s the night I’ll finally pluck up the nerve to act on
my undying love for you,” he mocked, leading the way towards the door
which led down into the parking lot.
“I sure hope so,” I replied. “All the other girls will be so jealous if I’m
the one who finally bags hot Professor Orion.”

Lance barked a laugh and punched me in the bicep. I smirked at him in
the dark stairwell. It sucked that we couldn't spend as much time together
openly as we used to growing up. But since I'd arrived at Zodiac we'd had
to downplay our friendship for more reasons than one. The amount of secret
meetings we had together would likely make people believe we were
having an affair if they ever caught wind of it.

“Actually, we should travel over there together tonight,” he said slowly,
glancing around like he thought someone might be listening to us. “There
are things we should discuss.”

“You’re probably right,” I agreed with a sigh of disappointment. I’d been
looking forward to getting out on my bike and racing down the highway
with the wind in my hair. I seriously needed some downtime to help me
work through a bit of this rage that was eating me up, but we really did need
to talk.

“I hear you broke up with the Sphinx,” Lance said, opening the door to
the parking lot and leading the way towards his car. The top level of the lot
was reserved for the Heirs’ vehicles and I’d pulled some strings so that he
could park his Faerarri up here too.

“Marguerite? I was never officially dating her anyway. And she got...
dull.” I shrugged dismissively. There wasn’t much point in me dating
anyone so I never even attempted to have anything serious with any of the
girls I was seeing. It was almost certain that I’d end up marrying my pig-
ugly second cousin if my father got his way anyway. Not that I intended to
let that happen without a fight. Either way, I’d need to find a pure blooded
Dragon Shifter as an alternative if I wanted to marry someone else and there
were very few of those available in this generation.

Lance unlocked his red sports car and motioned for me to climb in. I
dropped into the passenger seat and settled back into the luxurious chair
with a sigh.
Lance started the engine and I cast a silencing shield around us to make
sure there was absolutely no way anyone could be listening in to our
conversation.
“Did the FIB figure out how your room caught alight?” he asked,
dropping the subject of my love life quickly in favour of what we really
needed to discuss.
“They said it looks like an accident at the moment but they’re going to
carry out a full investigation before they come to a final conclusion. I did
manage to get back in there though and I confirmed what I’d suspected
about the draining dagger,” I muttered.

“It’s gone?” Lance asked worriedly as we took the spiralling ramp down
through the centre of the parking lot to the exit.
“Yeah. I melted all of the gold again and sifted through it; the dagger
isn’t there. And if you’re sure the fire couldn’t have damaged it-”
“It would take a lot more than a house fire to destroy something that
dark,” Lance replied. “I don’t even think Dragon Fire would do it.”
“Well then, it appears we have a thief in our midst.” Concern pooled in
my gut.
“We can’t risk anyone finding out what we’ve been up to,” Lance said,
his usual calm facade cracking just a little and letting me know exactly how
much shit we were in.
“If someone has broken into my room and found that dagger then we
could end up in serious trouble. But whoever it was clearly hasn’t handed it
over to the FIB or any of the Professors. I’d already be in a jail cell if that
was the case. So they either took it to blackmail me or to use it themselves.
Either way, we need to get it back.”
“Francesca told me the FIB are going to be carrying out room to room
searches of all the students’ rooms. They think someone’s got to be helping
the Nymphs get on campus and are hoping to turn out some evidence.”
“That’s some pretty boring pillow talk, Lance. Maybe you need to work
on your game,” I teased.
“I haven’t had any complaints,” he replied with a smirk. “And I don’t
need advice on that from a kid.”
I smiled widely. “I’ll look forward to the wedding invite then.”
He scoffed dismissively. “She’s a Capricorn, we clash more often than
we agree on anything. She’s too stuck in her ways to work with me long
term. We both know that’s how it is and it’s not an issue.”

“Sounds just like all of my relationships whether we’re compatible or
not,” I muttered. “Anyway, if the FIB conduct a search, that’s not a good
thing, is it? If they find that dagger, they’ll trace it back to me.”
“They need a teacher to assist them because the students are minors - I
could volunteer to help. I’d be able to sense the dagger if I got close enough
to it.”
I grinned at the less than enthusiastic tone to his voice.
“What would I do without you?” I asked.
“Take more of your own beatings from your father for a start,” he
replied.
The smile fell from my face at that comment and I turned away to look
out of the window instead of responding.
The silence stretched between us and Lance sighed dramatically.
“Forget I said that. You know I don’t blame you for it.”
“Doesn’t make it any less true though, does it?” I asked.

I felt guilty enough that I had to drag him away from his life every time I
had to go home and knowing that I was putting him closer to my father’s
rage only compounded my guilt. But if I showed up at home without Lance
in tow, Father would punish us both mercilessly for it.

His job was to protect me from any possible threats and Father seemed
to think he’d have trouble doing that if we weren’t within at least a mile of
each other at all times. Not that we stuck to that rule when he wasn’t around
to check up on us but the damn bond certainly wanted us to.

I’d once gone to Northern Terania for a long weekend with a girl I’d
been seeing at the time and had spent the whole vacation pining for him
because of the distance between us. I’d ended up flying back to him in my
Dragon form in the middle of the third night, leaving the girl there and
effectively ending that relationship. I’d found him blind drunk in his
apartment after he’d tried to drink away his longing for me and I’d ended
up staying there for two nights in his bed. The damn bond was twisted and
humiliating sometimes. Thankfully we’d managed to resist the temptation
to spoon each other. And we hadn’t spoken about it since. We hadn’t risked
going too far from each other after that though either.

The only exception to that weird rule seemed to be when Lance had
travelled to the mortal world to collect the Vega Twins. It was like the bond
couldn’t sense that distance at all and for once I hadn’t even been aware of
the link connecting us. But as neither of us had the slightest desire to spend
any extended time with the mortals, it didn’t exactly help us.
“Perhaps the next time we try to break the bond it’ll work,” Lance
suggested halfheartedly. It hadn’t worked any of the other times we’d tried
though.
The fact was that my father’s magic was too strong and we weren’t
powerful enough to sever it. We kept hoping that that would change and I’d
be able to free him from his bond to me but it never worked. As far as I
could tell, Lance would be stuck protecting me for the rest of our lives and
there was nothing we’d be able to do to free either of us from our
connection.
I ran a thumb over the mark of his star sign on my forearm for a moment
as I considered everything he’d lost for my father’s desires. It wasn’t like I
would have wanted anyone else to be in his position; Lance was practically
a brother to me, I more than trusted him with my life. But I never would
have stolen his life from him like this to bind him to mine.

Eventually we made it to the outskirts of my family’s property and Lance
guided the car off of the road and onto the long drive. I nodded to the
guards at the gate and they opened it for us. It took another ten minutes for
us to make it up the drive to the sprawling manor. Lance guided his car into
the underground garage and parked it at the end of the line of my family’s
vehicles. We exited into the echoing space and walked past the gleaming
sports cars, immaculate four wheel drives and my own collection of
motorbikes.
Silence fell between us as the weight of this place crashed over us. Most
people enjoyed going home. I preferred being pretty much anywhere else.
We headed up the stairs into the main house and found my mother
waiting for us in the atrium which was heavily decorated with golden
ornaments. I could already feel my power replenishing itself just by
standing in this house.

“How lovely of you both to visit,” Mother cooed, not mentioning the
reason for us coming here. She obviously knew but she didn’t like to waste
time discussing anything too interesting. She was a vapid creature, happy to
amuse herself with pretty, petty things and leave the conniving to my father.
Her dark hair was perfectly styled as usual, swept into a neat bun at the
base of her neck. She wore a deep purple dress which was so low cut that I
squirmed uncomfortably as she pulled Lance into a hug, pressing her chest
against him. He threw me a bemused expression over her shoulder and I
grimaced in return. She descended on me next, enveloping me in a cloud of
floral perfume as she air kissed me to avoid smudging her lipstick.

“I’ve missed you, Mother,” I said, which was true in a sense; I missed
the idea of having a mother who could be more than just a walking talking
mannequin but I’d long since stopped worrying myself over it.

“Darius, darling, the house is so quiet with you gone,” she said and I got
the feeling that she meant that as a good thing. “Your father is just on a
business call but he’ll find you before dinner.”
“Perfect,” I said, my heart sinking. For the tiniest of moments I’d hoped
that his absence might have meant he was stuck in the city at a meeting or
something and I could avoid seeing him tonight. I was never that lucky
though. “Is Xavier around?”
For a moment I could have sworn Mother’s gaze darkened at the
mention of my younger brother’s name but she painted on a smile quickly
enough that I couldn’t be sure.
“He’s been a little under the weather. Perhaps it would be best if you left
him in peace tonight,” she said smoothly.
I frowned. Xavier was the only member of this household who I actually
wanted to see. There was no way I’d miss the chance to visit him while I
was home, especially as he’d been weirdly silent in response to my calls
and messages the last few weeks.
“I’ll check in on him while I’m here,” I said firmly.
Mother opened her mouth like she might object then shrugged
dismissively. “I’m sure you’ll do exactly as you please, no matter what I
have to say on the subject. Lance, won’t you join me for a glass of wine
before dinner? I’ve hardly seen you recently.”

“I’d be delighted, Aunt,” Lance replied, letting her lead him towards the
lounge. She wasn’t really his aunt but our families always insisted on us
addressing each other like we were related. It was an age-old tradition. The
Orions and Acruxes were bound by more than the stars. We were bound by
power and greed, our families' gifts used for each other's benefit.








I swallowed a lump in my throat.
“I’m told the FIB think the blaze was likely an accident-”
“I don’t give a damn how it started,” he hissed. Sometimes I’d have
preferred it if he’d just yell at me. “What I care about is my Heir looking
like a little fire just ruined his goddamn life. Like he can’t even control his
Order form when things go wrong.”
“I...” I dropped my gaze from his and inspected the carpet by my feet.
“You’re right, I should have kept my emotions in check. I’d just found out
that our efforts on the night of the dance still hadn’t been enough to drive
the Vegas out of the Academy and then all of my stuff-”
“Those girls are clearly tougher than we expected them to be after being
raised in the mortal world. That approach isn’t working as effectively as
we’d hoped... We may need other ideas about the best way to deal with
them.”
My mouth fell open in surprise. He’d been hounding me into tormenting
the twins. I’d been taking call after call from him to check on our progress
with forcing them out. He’d pushed me to go to greater and greater lengths
to chase them off. He’d made it clear that the Council saw this as a test of
our strength and now they just wanted us to back off?
“Are you telling me to stop tormenting them?” I asked with a frown.
“Of course not. But it seems like you haven’t gotten a clear read on
them. I want to meet them to figure out exactly what we’re dealing with.”
I gritted my teeth at the implication that I couldn’t manage this on my
own.
“I don’t understand what you want me to-” I began.
“You don’t need to understand,” he replied darkly. “You’re my Heir not
my equal, if I want you to do something then you will. I’m not interested in
your questions on my methods.”
I bit my tongue against answering back, knowing it wouldn’t earn me
anything good.

Father released an irritated breath, looking at the photographs on his
monitor again. His jaw clenched as he scrutinised them.
“How many times have I taught you the importance of containing your
emotions?” he asked quietly and my muscles tensed in anticipation of his
next move. I knew what was coming.
The back of his hand collided with my face and I was knocked back a
step as my lip split and blood coated my tongue.

I flinched a moment before the next blow landed and he snarled with
rage at that minor failure. He closed his fist for the third strike and the force
of his punch knocked me back into the bookshelf which stood against the
wall and stumbling down to one knee.

The door crashed open and Lance ran in shouting out in anger as my
pain called him to my aid through our bond.
Father snarled at him, throwing out a hand as he cast magic to hold him
back.

Lance hurled his own magic into action, a powerful wind blasting into
the room aimed directly at my Father. Before it could do what he’d
intended, Father summoned his own air magic, catching Lance’s power in a
net of his own and turning it back against him.
The maelstrom grew flaming talons as it whipped around my friend,
slamming his arms down to his sides to immobilise him and halt his magic
in its tracks. The flames grew into cords which tightened around Lance,
burning through his clothes and searing his flesh as they held him in place.
Lance cried out in pain as he fell to the ground and my Father’s magic
continued to burn him.
“Stop it!” I yelled from my position crouched on the floor, flames
bursting to life in my right hand while a dagger formed out of ice in my left.
I got to my feet and took a step towards the man who was responsible for
everything bad in my life.
Father turned his steely gaze to me. “Are you sure you’re ready to
challenge me, boy?” he spat dismissively. “Because I’d think long and hard
about your next move if I were you.”
I glared at him, my gaze flicking to Lance and back again as I struggled
with the fire which ached to be set free in my veins and the knowledge that
I couldn’t win this fight. I wasn’t strong enough to face him. Not yet.
I shook my head slightly, lowering my eyes as I extinguished the flames
in my palm and the icy dagger spilled through my fingers as nothing more
than a puddle of warm water.
It took less than half a second for my father’s power to slam into me. I
was thrown backwards, tumbling across the floor.
“You goddamn motherfucker!” Lance bellowed at my father’s back.
“Sometimes this bond I put on the two of you is such a nuisance,” Father
snarled in response to his continued insults.
His boot collided with my ribs and the air was forced from my lungs.
I clenched my fists and bit down on the cries of pain which wanted to
tear their way out of my throat. I knew each noise I allowed free would only
earn me another kick. Another punch.
Lance continued to swear at him as his punishment progressed.
When he was finally done with me, he stepped back and straightened his
tie as he healed the wounds on his knuckles. I lay panting on the floor
before him, agony searing through my body and the Dragon in me warring
beneath my flesh, desperate to escape. I held it in check though; if I
transformed he would too and I’d be no better off.

“Clean yourself up before you join us for dinner,” Father said coldly as
he strode from the room.
He was half way down the corridor before he released Lance from the
hold of his magic and my friend cursed as he scrambled towards me.
I dragged myself upright using the edge of the desk and he caught my
arm to steady me.

I spat a wad of blood from my mouth and he started healing my wounds
without bothering to ask my permission. I knew they hurt him almost as
much as they hurt me anyway and he wouldn’t take no for an answer.
I didn’t look at him while he worked, fixing my gaze on the photographs
on my father’s computer instead. There was something about that fire that
didn’t add up. Someone had taken that dagger which meant it was almost
certainly set on purpose. They’d come at one of the most powerful Fae in
the Academy, hell in the country, but why? Who would be that stupid? Who
would risk my wrath when I caught them? The only people I could even
think of who hated me enough to want to come at me like that were the
Vegas, but the idea of them striking back at me was ridiculous.
Whoever it was had already marked themselves for the full force of my
vengeance. And I was sure as shit going to catch them. When I found out
who the fuck had done it, I’d make them pay for the issues they’d caused
me in blood and misery.

My fist clenched with determination and anger burned deep in my chest.
“Did I miss any?” Lance asked as he finished healing me.
I shook my head; every injury was gone as if they’d never been there at
all. They only ever scarred me in ways that weren’t visible.

I glanced at Lance, though I didn’t thank him. He didn’t want me to. It
made things more awkward whenever I tried. The bond forced him to help
me when I needed him to whether he’d choose to or not. Though I’d like to
think he’d want to regardless, but the fact that his choice in the matter was
taken away meant I could never be sure of that.
There were bags beneath his eyes and I could tell his magic was running
dangerously low after his altercation with my father and his efforts in
healing me.

“Here,” I muttered, offering him my wrist.
He hesitated. We’d both agreed not to do this too often; whenever he fed
from me it felt like the bond between us sharpened, grew to something
more tangible and harder to resist. But he needed blood and I had power to
spare in this gold-infested house. Even the door handles were solid gold.
Lance’s teeth slid into my flesh and I waited patiently as he took what he
needed from me. An ache grew in my chest as he drew my power into him
and I had to fight against the urge to pull him closer, to run my hands over
his hair - I clenched my teeth.
This bond is so screwed up in so many ways.
“He’s getting worse,” I muttered. “Something will have to be done
soon.”
Lance groaned as he forced himself to release me and took a measured
step back even though I could tell it was a struggle for him to do so.
“Maybe we should escalate our plans,” he said, holding my gaze.
“Yes,” I agreed. “Maybe we should.”
“If you’re ready to push back harder, I can double my efforts in training
you. Take it to the next level.” His gaze was wary as he suggested it, we
both knew that what he was offering was dangerous, possibly even deadly.
But if I wanted any chance of facing my father and winning then I
needed every advantage I could get.
I squashed the flicker of doubt that rose in me and completely ignored
the sliver of fear that trickled through my blood.
“I’m ready,” I said firmly. And even if we both knew that might not be
the truth, neither of us mentioned the fact. It was time we started pushing
back harder.
“We will need to be particularly cautious with the FIB on campus,”
Lance warned. If we were caught then we both knew that even my family
name might not be enough to protect us from the consequences.
I nodded firmly but didn’t back down. “I know. But it’s time we did
this.”
Lance offered me a dark smile. “Then as soon as we get back, we’ll
begin.”
