Book-2 Darcy

Detention


“Get me a pan au chocolat, Max,” Seth demanded, dropping into his seat
before immediately springing back up. “Ergh! What the fuck?”
“What?” Darius asked, yawning as he moved to join him.
“Someone spilled coffee on my seat.”
Haha sucker.
Max headed over to the breakfast table, throwing a glance my way, his
scowl deepening. But thankfully he didn't utter a word.

“I thought your sister was the one joining us in detention?” Caleb
suddenly purred in my ear and I jolted in alarm. He leaned in close to my
neck, shifting my hair away so he could gain access to my throat. His lips
brushed gently over my skin and I jerked away in horror.

“I'm not Tory,” I blurted, pushing him back and lurching out of my seat
in the same movement. And does he always touch my sister so freaking
intimately?
Caleb stared at me with a crease on his brow. “Is that supposed to be a
joke?” He grinned playfully but I shook my head, sensing all of the Heirs
looking my way now.

Seth rubbed the back of his damp pants, stalking toward me with his
eyes narrowed. “Who helped you?” he growled, his voice void of warmth.

I stood my ground, my hand clamped tightly around my coffee cup. “I
helped myself. I can read a library book, Seth. It's not rocket science.”
His eyes narrowed to even sharper slits as he glowered at my full head of
hair. I slowly brought the coffee to my lips and took a sip, desperately
trying not to show how intimidated I felt. But that feeling wasn’t as
powerful as the song spilling from my heart in response to his expression.
Because I'd won. And that tail of blue hair around his wrist didn't mean as
much as it had yesterday.

His gaze fell to the coffee cup in my hand and my heart juddered. A dark
grin pulled at his mouth and he folded his arms. “Hey guys, it looks like this
Vega was trying out the throne this morning.” He stepped closer and the
shadows of the other Heirs drew in.
My mouth dried up as my eyes flicked between them, fear slithering
through my body.
“Did you sit on our couch?” Max asked like I'd done a whole lot worse.
“You don't own it,” I blurted before I could stop myself.
The group closed in tighter and the hairs raised on the back of my neck.
Crap crap crap. I should not have pissed off the bear family. Goldilocks
definitely got eaten in the original version of that story.

“Actually, sweetheart, we do own it,” Caleb said. “This place would be
nothing without the Celestial Families funding it.”
“So apologise,” Max whispered close to my ear, but he didn't use his
Siren powers against me.
I pressed my lips together, refusing to say it. If I did, I'd be giving in.
Bowing to their display of power. And even if I suffered the consequences
for it, I had to stand my ground.
Just please don't take my hair again.
Darius toyed with a small sphere of flame in his palm. “Why did Orion
give you detention, Gwendalina?”
I glowered at the name, watching as the magic in his hand twisted and
writhed.
“That's between me and him.”
“Oohh secrets with Orion,” Seth taunted. “You always did give him the
fuck-me eyes. Are you in trouble for trying to spread your legs for a teacher,
babe? Guess the students aren't interested so you had to look elsewhere. I'll
make sure to ask him for all the details later.”

The poison in his words slid into my veins and I dug deep for my
courage, hunting for a response to his vicious question. “Well I guess that's
the difference between us Seth. I'd spend the rest of the afternoon vomiting
if anyone gave me details about your sex life. But you seem awfully
interested in mine.” My heart thumped an erratic tune as I latched onto the
one insult that I knew had gotten under his skin. The beating Tyler had
taken for suggesting Seth was interested in me was a clear indicator of how
much it bothered him. And though I knew I wasn't going to come out of this
altercation unscathed, I also knew that standing my ground was the only
way to survive this Academy. Besides, after reuniting with my hair I was
still determined to stay on top of the world today. No matter what.

“Maybe that's why she's here,” Max chided and I turned to him with a
questioning frown. “So Orion can spread them again.”

“Screw you,” I hissed, blood thumping against every inch of my skin.

“Back off,” Darius said, surprising me. “Orion wouldn't lay a hand on
the daughter of The Savage King. He's got more class than that.”

Caleb knocked his shoulder into Darius's. “I forgot you two were little
buddies.”
“We're not little buddies,” Darius said flatly but broke a smile when
Caleb turned away.
“No we are definitely not, Mr Acrux,” Orion's voice cut across the room
and the group split apart to look for him. He stood in the doorway in a t-
shirt and jeans, looking like one of us with his casual clothes and youthful
appearance. I wondered how much older than us he actually was; it couldn't
have been more than a few years. “Especially since you all left me waiting
in Jupiter Hall. You've all just added an extra two hours to your day which
means the sun will be long gone by the time you head to eat whatever
scraps are left for dinner this evening.”
“For fuck's sake,” Max huffed and my heart sank a little.
Dammit, why is this day trying to ruin my mood?

Darius checked his watch, frowning at Orion. “You picked today to be
on time for the first time in your life?”

“Yup,” Orion popped the P, grinning darkly. “I have plenty in store for
you and I just can't wait to get started.” He looked to me with a frown.

“Where's your sister?” he asked sharply.
“Um here?” I said and his frown deepened. “I pushed a hand into my
hair. I’m Darcy, sir.”

“Oh,” he whispered, his throat bobbing. “Well, follow me.” He headed
out of the door with a dark smile that made my stomach knot.

Orion strode off at a brisk pace ahead of the group, making a beeline for
The Wailing Wood. From the carefree aura hanging around the Heirs I
assumed we weren't about to be beaten and left to die in the forest.

I relaxed a little as we headed into the trees and the Heirs paid me no
attention. Orion cut a path all the way through to The Howling Meadow and
I frowned as he halted in front of a set of shovels. He turned to face us, his
eyes sparkling with one of those grins that said he was about to do
something wicked. “The first half of your detention will be spent digging an
eight foot deep hole in the meadow.”

My heart clenched uncomfortably. Was he for real? I wasn't exactly built
for hard labour with my puny arms and small stature.

Caleb snatched up a shovel and Orion caught hold of it the end before he
walked off. “You will be digging the hole as a team, Altair.”
Caleb groaned. “You know our Order work better alone.”

“So do the Dragons and I don't hear Darius complaining. Now get to
work. No magic.” Orion folded his arms, his expression saying the time for
questions was over.

I arched a brow at the way he'd casually called Darius by his first name.
And when he passed him a shovel, Darius even thanked him. It seemed like
Geraldine’s theory about them was spot on. They were a lot more than little
buddies. They were bonded by those marks on their arms.

Darius stalked off with the other guys and I moved forward to collect my
shovel. Orion scooped it up, holding it out for me. Before I took it he
caught my hand, brushing his thumb across my palm and sending a shiver
through me. He repeated the process on the other hand then pressed his
index finger to his lips. “That'll stop your skin chaffing,” he whispered.
I stared at him in complete surprise as he passed me the shovel and
moved aside.

“Thank you,” I said, confused as I stepped past him, making my way
through the high grass and colourful array of meadow flowers as I walked
toward the Heirs. The four of them had formed a circle and were already
getting to work digging the hole.
My chest compressed as I drew closer, expecting them to look up and
hurl abuse at me at any moment. It wasn't abuse that got hurled though, a
shovel full of mud flew my way and slapped me right in the face.

“Ah!” I yelped, spitting out mud as they all roared with laughter.
“Jerks.”

“DROP AND GIVE ME FIFTY SETH CAPELLA!” Orion boomed and
I wiped the mud from my eyes, spotting him climbing up onto a high chair
that looked more fitting for a lifeguard than a vampire in a field.
Who the hell put that there?

Seth was already half way through his set of push-ups as I joined the
circle, pulling back my new hair which was now speckled with mud as I
took a band from my wrist and tied it into a knot. I placed myself between
Caleb and Darius, wanting to be as far from the other two as possible. Not
that Darius and Caleb were much of an improvement but neither of them
were the guy who'd cut off my hair or the one who'd drawn my deepest fear
from my lips.

Darius worked like a machine, throwing his weight into the shovel and
slamming his boot down on the rim to dig it deeper. I tried to mimic his
style, forcing the shovel as deep into the earth as I could manage before
tossing the dirt behind me into a pile.
My pile was noticeably smaller than the others' as they worked together,
taking a deep slice off of the earth already.

I soon had to catch my breath, desperate for water as I wiped sweat and
mud from my brow.
“Vega!” Orion beckoned me and I was grateful to put the shovel down. I
was a little dizzy as I walked up to his high metal chair where he was sitting
a few feet above my head. He now had a large umbrella set up over it and a
flask of coffee in his hand which he'd apparently brought with him. His
Atlas was propped on his knee and he looked like he was thoroughly
enjoying his morning as he gazed down at my mud stained skin with a
bright smile. Thanks to his magic, at least I didn't have any blisters on my
hands.
“Water.” Orion waved his hand and water gathered in the air before me,
circling into a glistening sphere. Orion tossed me a cup and I caught it at the
last second. The water dropped straight into it with a splash and I guzzled it
down greedily,
“That's favouritism, sir!” Caleb called.
“You're right, how rude of me!” Orion shouted back, lifting a hand and a
torrential waterfall poured down on all of the heirs. Max crowed like a
cockerel, pounding his chest, seemingly spurred on by the downpour. The
others didn't seem quite as happy as the water continued to fall down on
them.
A laugh rushed from my throat and Orion threw me a wink. “So I'm
having a little trouble, Miss Vega.”
“With what, sir?”
“Telling you apart from your sister,” he said in a low voice that I
imagined only I could hear through the torrential storm he was still casting
over the Heirs. “And you never did answer my question. Blue or green?”

A smile twisted up my lips and I shrugged, deciding to leave him in
continued suspense over that question, walking back to join the group.
“I want an answer by sundown,” he called after me and my grin grew
even wider.

Never gonna happen, Professor Two Personalities.
I headed into Orion's downpour as it eased to a localised rain shower. I
sighed as it cooled my heated skin and washed away the mud coating my
clothes. I stooped down to pick up my shovel but Darius got there first,
whipping it up and tossing it to Seth. Seth threw it to Max and he threw it to
Caleb. I darted forward to take it and Caleb launched it over my head back
to Darius with a bark of laughter.
“For god's sake,” I huffed, not buying into their game as I folded my
arms.
Darius held it out to me and I moved to take it. I wrapped my fingers
around the end and he tugged sharply to draw me toward him. My foot
slipped in the mud and someone's foot shot in front of me to finish me off. I
landed on my back with a loud splat and laughter rang out around me.
“GIVE ME FIFTY ALTAIR!” Orion bellowed so I guessed Caleb had
been the one to trip me. I got to my feet with a grimace, wiping my muddy
hands down my jeans.

“He's gone full Pitball coach. It was only a bit of fun,” Caleb muttered,
stepping out of the rain and dropping down to do his set. I couldn't help but
notice the swell of his muscular arms as he moved up and down at a fierce
pace. I turned away, internally berating myself as I dug my shovel into the
ground. The water made the mud easier to shift and I threw a huge scoop
over my shoulder with relief.
“Argh!” Caleb cried and I gasped as I realised I'd thrown the load all
over him.

He jumped to his feet, his mouth skewing into a grin and my heart
slowed a fraction as I mirrored his smile. “Better watch it, Vega,” he said as
he passed me but it didn't hold any of the nastiness the other Heirs kept
flinging my way.

“Raindrops keep falling on my head,” Seth sang, his white shirt having
turned entirely transparent to reveal his muscular body “But that doesn't
mean my eyes will soon be turning red, crying's not for me. Cause I'm never
gonna stop the rain by complaining-”
“Shut the fuck up!” Orion shouted. “I'm trying to concentrate here.”
“Watching porn again, sir?” Seth shot at him with a smirk.
“Yeah, your mom's really improved since the last edition,” he answered
without missing a beat and Seth's face dropped into a scowl as a laugh tore
from my throat.
“Do you know who is always watching porn?” Max chipped in.
“You?” the three other guys answered in unison.
They all burst out laughing and I fought the urge to join in.
“Hilarious,” Max said dryly. “I meant Washer. He snuck off in class the
other day to rub one out.”
“Liar,” Darius laughed while I wrinkled my nose.
“Psh,” Caleb waved down Darius. “I don't even have water magic, but
every time I go into their territory I hear Washer watching porn. That guy
has got a lust addiction I swear.”
“I believe that,” I said to myself, but everyone turned to me, brows
raised as if they couldn't believe I'd dared to join in on their conversation. I
tucked a loose lock of hair behind my ear, feeling awkward under their
scrutiny.
“Oh yeah, how come?” Caleb asked, giving me a bemused look.
“He's taken over my Tarot class,” I said, feeling a little uncomfortable
with them all looking at me. “But we're not even reading cards, he made us
do palmistry so he can paw at everyone.”
“Ha, no way,” Caleb laughed. “Sucks for the girls.”
“Not just them, bro,” Darius said. “Have you seen the outfits the guys
have to wear for Water Elemental class? That creep wants to see my junk
every time I show up there.”
“I know, and could the bathing suits be any more low cut on the girls?” I
said, rolling my eyes.
“Don't say that in front of him or he'll find a way to make it happen,”
Darius joked with me and I laughed along a little nervously.

Holy shit, the Dragon is actually talking to me like an equal for once.
I noticed Seth watching our interaction with a glower. He flipped a
glance at Orion then continued working, the sight of the braid of hair on his
wrist setting me on edge again.

It was midday by the time the hole was dug and we stood at the bottom
of an eight foot pit, ankle deep in mud, soaked to the bone and tired as hell.
Well I was anyway. The past few hours, I'd lost my footing so many times I
was covered in filth but I’d done my bit. My aching arms were a testament
to that.
“Right I hope you all enjoyed your morning as much as I did,” Orion
called down to us. “Up you get.”

Caleb created a slim platform of earth which spiralled up beneath him so
he could jump out at the top. Max propelled himself up with a blast of air
from his palms and Darius scored a path into the wall of the pit with fire,
creating a passage up to the top. Seth propelled himself out with air too and
I rubbed my fingers together, my mouth dry as all five of them stared down
at me, waiting expectantly. I knew I could have just used Darius's path but I
wanted to do it myself and prove my competence.

Max sniggered, elbowing Darius beside him who broke a grin.
I was getting better and better at controlling my air powers and as I shut
my eyes to block out the four mocking faces angled my way, I felt for the
pressure of air in my body, pushing it out of my hands.
I shot up to the top at high speed and triumph soared through me. I
realised a heartbeat too late I’d forgotten to aim and crashed into Seth full
force, taking him to the ground. He stared up at me in shock and I
scrambled off of him with my cheeks flaming. Someone held a hand out for
me and I looked up, finding Darius there.

“Poor effort,” he said with a smirk and I reluctantly took his hand as he
dragged me upright.
Orion gazed at us with a flicker of amusement in his eyes then pointed at
Caleb. “Altair, fill in that hole.”
Caleb stepped forward, wielding the mounds of dirt around him and
forcing it all down into the hole we'd wasted the entire morning digging.
Although, as I glanced between our group and thought about the way a
couple of the Heirs had treated me like an actual human being a few times
today, I wondered if it wasn't wasted after all.

Orion led us back to the centre of campus and all the way up to Jupiter
Hall. We headed inside and followed him across the atrium to a stairwell
beyond a large marble archway. He climbed up several floors at a brisk pace
and we jogged after him, soon arriving in a long corridor and stopping
beneath a hatch in the ceiling.
Orion jumped up, catching hold of the tab, his shirt riding up as he did so
and giving me a glimpse of his tightened abs. My cheeks flushed hot and
desire unfurled in my belly. I noticed Seth's gaze lingering on him too and
was only mildly surprised to realise he clearly swung both ways.

As I turned away from Orion to hide my blush, I spotted a row of metal
trowels and large black gloves laid across a cushioned window seat. I
frowned as I tried to work out what we were about to do.
Orion pulled down a ladder and I stared up at the clouds above, the
sound of the wind whipping by overhead.

“Up,” he instructed as we stared at him. He passed out the trowels and
thick gloves to the Heirs as they went ahead and disappeared onto the roof.
“You're all wet,” he pointed out, his eyes raking down my body. I
nodded in answer, unable to make my tongue work as he passed me a
trowel and a pair of gloves. “Have they not taught you to dry yourself in
your Air Elemental class yet?”
“No, sir.”
He looked so inviting, his expression tugging me in and his eyes lighting
a blaze that swirled in my chest.
“Useless. Well up you go then,” he said and I moved toward the ladder,
taking hold of the first rung.

Orion stepped up close behind me and his fingers brushed my waist,
barely perceptible but I felt it everywhere. It scored a line of goosebumps
across my back and a heavenly shiver fluttered up my spine. Heated air
pushed under my clothes, drying them out almost instantly.
“Thank you,” I whispered for the second time today. What’s gotten into
him?

He took hold of the ladder either side of my hands. “Up,” he breathed
against my cheek and hot wax seemed to pour down each of my legs,
making it almost impossible to move. But somehow, I managed it.
I climbed up to the hatch, my breath stalling as I arrived on top of Jupiter
Hall. The roof was covered with red tiles, dropping into a gentle slope on
either side of me and reaching toward a sheer drop below. Orion jumped up
beside me and turned me around to face the other end of the roof where the
Heirs were grouped together, looking grim.

Coating the tiles was a thick, grey substance which resembled cement.
“A Griffin who shall not be named came up here the other day,” Orion
announced. “Drunk and in his Order form. Apparently whatever he'd just
eaten didn't agree with him.”

“Oh my god,” I breathed, realising what the mess was.
“Griffin shit is seriously nasty,” Orion continued brightly. “It dries as
hard as rock and can give you a burning, blotchy purple rash for days if you
get it on your skin.”
The Heirs immediately started pulling on their gloves, all except Max
who folded his arms and shook his head. “I'm not doing that. I've got
sensitive skin. I’ll get ten times more of a rash than anyone else who
touches that shit.”
My ears pricked up at that. That sounds like something I’d love to see.
His friends started laughing and Orion gave him a weary look.
“If you refuse, you can forget about playing in the match against
Starlight Academy next week.”
“But sir! My dad’s coming to watch that game,” Max complained.
“So get cleaning,” Orion growled and his tone sent a quiver through me.
When he wasn't directing his harsh tone at me, it was super hot.

Max pulled on the gloves, muttering curse words under his breath as he
knelt near a pile of the Griffin excrement and started chipping away at it.
The second he worked a lump free, a sickly smell rose into the air like
rotting cabbage.
Caleb bent over and retched and Orion wrinkled his nose.
“Down wind Altair,” Orion encouraged, covering his face as he walked
to the other end of the roof.
Caleb pulled his shirt up over his nose and changed positions so the wind
was blowing away from him. I moved to kneel beside my own pile of poo
and released a sigh as I started scraping it off of the tiles with my trowel.
I soon had to lift my own shirt up and cover my nose, the stench
becoming too much as more and more of the stuff was broken away. When
no one was looking, I pocketed a lump of it, hoping Tory and I might be
able to use it in revenge against Max. Imagine if we could get it all over him
somehow, his beautiful face would be all splotchy and purple...
Orion provided some large buckets and I shared one with Caleb as we
filled it while Max took on the role of carting it back and forth to dump it in
The Wailing Wood.
As the sun sank lower in the sky and I started to daydream about food
and a hot shower, I noticed Darius was slacking off, sitting on the far edge
of the roof with Orion. Their backs were to us and they chatted in low
voices. Occasionally their laughter drifted our way. Caleb and Seth would
look up and glare at them, then get back to work.

Max reappeared from his last trip to the woods, floating up from the
ground using the power of air and hovering above us all as he wasted some
time gliding along.

Orion was too engrossed chatting to Darius to notice and the other Heirs
took it as a signal to stop working. I concentrated on my work, turning my
back on them and hoping Orion would call time on this detention soon. The
sun seemed to be taking longer than ever to reach the horizon today.
“Hey peaches,” Max said, dropping the bucket near me and making me
jump. “What was the reason you got detention again?”
“She didn't say,” Caleb replied for me, dropping down beside me.
Max rested his hand on my shoulder and I jerked away in panic, lifting a
palm to defend myself. Before the magic even tingled my fingertips, his
influence took over, sending a flood of trust and calm right through to my
bones.
“So?” Max pressed.
“I stole stardust from Orion's office,” I breathed and I spotted Seth
moving closer, his interest clearly piqued. He'd tied his hair up in a knot
atop his head which highlighted the razor sharp angles of his cheek bones.
“Stardust?” Seth questioned. “What for?”
“We were gonna go home,” the words escaped my lips and a small,
internal voice screamed at me for revealing that.
The three of them shared a look and a calculating expression crept onto
Seth's face. He raised a palm, painting lines in the air and a strange trickling
sensation swept over me.
Max grinned, glancing at Orion and Darius who were still facing away
from us as they sat on the roof's edge.
“Hey Professor Dickshit!” Max shouted and my mind reeled when
neither Orion or Darius responded, clearly unable to hear him.
“Perfect,” Seth said coldly. “Let her go, Max.”
“Dude, Orion is right there,” Caleb hissed, shaking his head as Max
released me.
The pressure of his power slowly ebbed from my chest and fear found
me instead. Seth yanked me to my feet, drawing me into the cage his body
created.
“Get your hands off of me,” I snarled, drawing magic to my fingertips.
Fire flared and I grabbed his arms in a moment of pure adrenaline, searing
his flesh. Seth gritted his teeth, hauling me toward the edge of the roof and
refusing to let go.”Why didn't you leave?” he demanded, his eyes flashing
with something that almost looked like fear.
“Stop it!” I snapped as Max's laughter hit my ears. Caleb looked between
everyone, his jaw set and a dark frown on his face.
The scent of singed skin carried to my nose, but Seth was wild, his eyes
flaring as he refused to release me. “Why?!” he shoved me into Max's arms
and the second he touched me, I was putty in their hands again.
“Why?” Max repeated in my ear as his power coiled around my tongue
and made me give the answer they wanted.
“Because this feels like our home. We belong here.”
“I knew it.” Seth threw an accusing finger at me. “They do want the
throne.”
All three Heirs suddenly went flying backwards through the air and I
gasped in surprise as they were thrown over the edge of the roof. Instead of
falling they were flipped upside down, dangling as if held by their ankles
above the sheer drop below.
Orion stormed past me, his sleeves rolled up and his expression a fiery
pit of rage. “You cast a fucking silence spell behind my back? Are you
asking to get expelled?!” he roared.
Darius moved to my side, tucking his hands into his pockets as he gazed
up at his friends with a tight-lipped expression.
“ANSWER ME!” Orion bellowed and I spotted students down on
campus pointing up at the Heirs dangling above the pathway below.
“No sir,” they spoke in unison.
Seth's hair had come free of his man bun and was flying around him in
the breeze. He tried to hold it back but I was pretty sure Orion increased the
wind pressure to place him in an even stormier gust.
“Is that the Celestial Heirs?” a voice carried to me from below then
laughter and gasps followed.

I imagined FaeBook was blowing up right about now and a bubble filled
my chest, replacing my anxiety at their threatening behaviour.
Max stared down at the ground angrily as the students started taking
photographs. “You've made your point, Professor. Let us down.”
“Fine,” Orion growled, waving a hand and his magic released them.
I gasped in shock as they plummeted towards the ground, running to the
edge with my heart hammering like crazy.
Seth flipped himself upside down, landing lightly on his feet with all the
grace of an angel, while Max spun through the air, making a show for the
onlookers on a magical breeze. Caleb caught himself on a pillar of land,
creating steps to descend down to the pathway and taking a bow for the
students standing there.
I pursed my lips as their fan base fell about them, clapping and giggling.
“Damn,” Orion muttered, moving to my side. “I hoped at least one of
them would go splat.” I didn't know whether he was joking or not but
Darius barked a laugh. So apparently he was.

“They're untouchable,” I whispered, unable to take my eyes off of the
group below as my hands curled into tight fists.

“No one's untouchable,” Orion said in a rumbling tone that struck a deep
chord in my heart. “You just have to find the right buttons to push, Blue.”
He lowered his voice to a secret whisper, leaning in close. “Or is it Green?”
